Bloker is a 1v1 card game that mixes Blackjack and Poker. Before play, players choose 1–3 standard 52-card decks, shuffle them together, and split the combined deck evenly into two personal card piles. Each round both players place one card face-up and one card face-down from their personal pile. There is a game setting that controls whether a player may privately peek at their own face-down initial card; if peek is enabled a player may look at their own hidden card but must not reveal it to the opponent. After placing the two initial cards each player places an initial bet; the opponent may match or raise and betting continues until both players agree on the final amount. Once betting is locked (finalized), if the peek setting is enabled players may privately look at their face-down initial card (if they haven’t already), otherwise they may not. Play then proceeds as a turn-based hit/stay phase: a Hit means drawing the next card from your personal pile and adding it to your hand total, a Stay means taking no more cards. If a player’s hand total exceeds 21 they bust; a bust is kept secret until both players have finished the hit/stay phase. When both players have stayed or busted they reveal totals; the winner is the player closest to 21 without going over. If one player busts and the other does not, the non-busted player wins the round. The round winner takes the entire betting pot plus all cards that were played that round (both initial face-up and face-down cards and any hit cards), which are added to the winner’s personal pile. Aces count as 1 or 11 for the blackjack portion as normal. If both players tie exactly on their blackjack totals, a tiebreaker begins: each player draws one card face-down from their personal pile and looks at it privately (they do not announce it). Based on that private information, a player may choose to draw (“hit”) up to two additional face-down tiebreaker cards (so a maximum of three tiebreaker cards total); a player may stop and stay after any draw but may not draw more than two extra cards in the tiebreaker. Players must not reveal their tiebreaker draws until both players have finished hitting or reached the maximum. After both players finish, they simultaneously reveal their tiebreaker cards. The winner is determined by each player’s highest-ranked card among their revealed tiebreaker cards, using standard rank order with Ace highest (Ace > King > Queen > ... > 2). If the highest ranks are equal, compare each player’s next highest card, continuing until a difference is found. If all compared cards are identical and the tiebreaker remains tied, split the betting pot and split the cards on the table evenly (if an exact even split is impossible, distribute extras by a deterministic rule or random assignment—implementer choice). The winner of the tiebreaker takes all cards on the table and the pot. Play continues round after round until one player has collected all cards from both piles; that player is the Bloker champion.